Add prop `truncateFilters` (#413)
vtex-apps/search-result: docs/README.md

| `initiallyCollapsed` | `Boolean` | Makes the search filters start out collapsed (`true`) or open (`false`). | `false` |
| `filtersTitleHtmlTag` | `string` | HTML tag for the filter's title. | `h5` |
| `scrollToTop` | `enum` | Scrolls the page to the top (`auto` or `smooth`) or not (`none`) when selecting a facet. | `none` |

> | `truncateFilters` | `boolean` | Truncates filters with more than 10 options displaying a button to see all | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `truncateFilters` | `boolean` | Whether a filter selector with more than 10 filter options should shorten the list and display a `See more` button (`true`) or not (`false`). | `false` |
```

| `searchNotFoundWhatToDoDots`          |
| `searchNotFound`                      |
| `searchResultContainer`               |

> | `seeMoreButton`                       |

Reviewer: Could you add it below `resultGallery` handle?

Author: @guerreirobeatriz don't we have to maintain alphabetical order?
